Update names.md (#39485)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names.md

{{< glossary_definition term_id="name" length="all" >}}

> **Names are unique across [API versions](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/kubernetes-api/#api-groups-and-versioning) of the resource. API resources are distinguished by their API group, resource type, namespace (for namespaced resources), and name. In other words, API version is irrelevant in this context.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Names must be unique across all [API versions](/docs/concepts/overview/kubernetes-api/#api-groups-and-versioning)
of the same resource. API resources are distinguished by their API group, resource type, namespace
(for namespaced resources), and name. In other words, API version is irrelevant in this context.**
```
